Change GoEmotions to use spacy assemble (#140)
explosion/projects: tutorials/textcat_goemotions/README.md

### Adding components from another model

Suppose you want to keep all the functionality of the `en_core_web_sm` model
and add the textcat model you just trained. You can do this using without
changing your training config by using [`spacy
assemble`](https://spacy.io/api/cli#assemble) - you'll just need to prepare a
config describing your final pipeline.

A sample config for doing this is included in
`configs/cnn_with_pretrained.cfg`. After training the model in this project,
you can combine it with a pretrained pipeline by running `spacy project run
assemble`, which will save the new pipeline to `cnn_with_pretrained/`. 

To make your own config to combine pipelines, the basic steps are:

1. Include all the components you want in `nlp.pipeline`
2. Add a section for each component, specifying the pipeline to source it from.

> 3. If you have two components of the same type, specify the component names correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If you have two components of the same type, specify unqiue component names for each.
```

> 4. If necessary, specify `replace_listeners` to bundle a component with its tok2vec.

Reviewer: Maybe a link-out to the docs on replacing listeners?

You can also remove many values related to training - since you aren't running
a training loop with `spacy assemble`, default values are fine.

Let's go over the last two steps in a little more detail.

By default, components have a simple default name in the pipeline, like "ner"
or "textcat". However, if you have two copies of a component, then they need to
have different names. If you need to change the name of a component you can do
that by giving it a different name in `nlp.pipeline`, and specifying the name
in the original pipeline using the `name` value in the section for the
component.

It depends on the pipeline, but often components use a Listener to just look
for a tok2vec (or transformer) to get features from. If the tok2vec in your
final pipeline is from the same pipeline as the component you're adding, then
you don't have to do anything. But if a component has a different tok2vec, you

> can bundle the tok2vec with the component so that it doesn't use the wrong one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can bundle a standalone copy of the original tok2vec with the component so that it doesn't use the wrong one.
```

Here's an example of a component that has a different name than it had

> originally, and also uses `replace_listeners`:

Reviewer: I would spell this out (what the old & new names are) and/or use `new_name` instead of `my_ner` to make it fool-proof.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I clarified this.
